The Rise of Wesnoth - Intro sequence

General setting: since the campaign takes place in the early history of the kingdom, the visual context should be the early Middle-Age, with a dominance of chainmail/scale armour over plate. At this time the Sceptre of fire does not exist and should therefore be absent from Loyalist heraldry

Intro 1-4
    A growing stain on the map of the Green Isle shows the invasion and subsequent retreat of the Wesfolk.
Intro 5
    A ship in the open sea is caught in a storm
Intro 6
    A ship captained by the crown prince reaches an unknown coastline.
Intro 7
    The crown prince is on his deathbed. His family and the royal court are gathered around him; The eye of suspiscion is cast on his younger brother.
Intro 7 - alternative
    royal funeral wake for the crown prince in a chapel, candles, shadows, the younger prince standing over him with other people in the background looking on
Intro 8
    The younger brother leads a large army to wage war on the Wesfolk
Intro 9
    Waist-up portrait : king Haldric the First
Intro 10
    statue of Haldric in the same pose as in 9; at it's side is the banner of the early wesnothian kingdom, with the Ruby of Fire as its emblem. Campaign logo.




The Rise of Wesnoth - Scenarios

01-A Summer of Storms: 
    a hot summer day in a vally. Regular soldiers are marching towards an outpost overrun by Wesfolk raiders. A storm is building up in the distance.
02-The Fall:
    trees have their autumn leaves; the outpost from before is now occupied by soldiers. Sentries signal the approach of orcs, farmlands are burning in the valley.
02.2-Alternate:
    in a mountain pass, Haldric and soldiers are caught between Wesfolk raiders and orc pursuers.
03-A Harrowing Escape (not shown above):
    a column of refuges is progressing through the moutains. Orcs are on their trail
04.1-The death of Eldaric:
    outnumbered by orcs, king Eldaric and his guards make their last stand. Around them, the homeland is in flames.
04.2-Southern kingdoms:
    refuges contemplate the landscape before them. On the left, the midlands. On the right, swamps.
05-The Oldwood:
    in the heart of the forest, Haldric & co reach a clearing where they meet woses.
06-Temple of the Deep:
    a creepy corridor or hall of a long-abandonned underground temple. The place is very old, its masonry crude.
07-Return to Oldwood:
    Sitting in his forest camp, Haldric is lost in thought, the Ruby of Fire in his hands.
08.1-Clearwater Port:
    a small seaside port covered in snow
08.2-Alternate:
    a ship loaded with refuges takes sea in the midst of a snowstorm, orcish projectiles rain death.
09-Fallen Lich Point:
    facing the sea, a petrified lich holds a large codex. Next to it, a monolith bears strange inscriptions.
10-Southbay Sewers:
    Haldric & co make their progress in the mucky waters of the sewers.

11 - South Bay in Winter:
    The throne room of Southbay castle; outdoors, winter reigns. Haldric and the lady Jessene have obtained an audience with king Addroran (who may also appear in intro 7
12.1 - A Final Spring:
    wide view of Southbay in early Spring. Orc legions are approaching the city.
12.2 - Alternate:
    Southbay is in flames. Battle against the invading orcs has reached the streets, civilians flee.
13.1 - Peoples in Decline:
    a fleet of varied ships leaves Southbay, the shores of the Green Isle behind them.
13.2 - Alternate:
    the fleet is anchored near a volcanic island. Hostile drakes are flying towards the ships.
14 - A Rough Landing: 
    the fleet has reached another island. Nagas watch the refuges as they set foot ashore.
15 - A New Land: 
    it's early Summer. The fleet has reached its destination, the great eastern continent.
16 - The Kalian: 
    landscape. The homeland of the elves, a great city at the heart of the forest.
17.1 - The dragon: 
    a dragon's lair.
17.2 - Lizard Beach: 
    remains of shipwrecks are scattered accross a shore; saurians scavenge whatever metal scraps they can.
17.3 - Troll Hole: 
    a cavern where trolls dwell.
17.4 - Cursed Isle: 
    ghosts, ghouls and vampires haunt these dark shores.
18 - A Spy in the Woods: 
    the lady Jessene spies on a conspiracy between the elven lords.
19 - The Vanguard: 
    orcs set foot ashore from a grounded ship, having sailed from the Green Isle.
20 - The Return of the Fleet: 
    a great battle between orcs and humans.
21 - The plan: 
    Haldric, Jessene and Aethyr are in the midst of a heated argument over a treaty
22 - The Rise of Wesnoth: 
    lich lord Jevyan vs Haldric & co
23 - Epilogue: 
    ending screen of the campaign: king Haldric and Queen Jessene stand with the emblem of the newly-formed kingdom of Wesnoth at their back, in a pose that echoes the statue of Intro 10
23 - alternative
    less harmonic pose, "Jessene's clothing would likely be in a somewhat unwesnothian style due to her Wesfolk background and because she'd refuse to look very noblewomanly even as a queen. She'd probably even keep carrying her knife."